 
Page 23 of 25 
 
authorized officer of a financial institution after it has served a thirty days notice upon the borrower 
demanding payment of the loan, advance or financial assistance. 
 
(8) An offence of willful default shall be cognizable, non-bailable and non-compoundable 
and punishable with imprisonment which may extend to seven years or fine not exceeding the 
amount of default or with both. 
 
(9) Any person convicted of the offence of willful default by a Banking Court shall not be 
eligible to receive any loan, advance or finance from any financial institution for a period of ten 
years and shall not be permitted to contest any election as a member of the Majlis-e-Shoora 
(Parliament), any Provincial Assembly or a local body for a period of five years, after serving out a 
sentence after conviction.] 
 
21. Application of fines and costs.   (1) A Banking Court may direct that the whole or part 
of any fine or costs imposed under this Ordinance shall be applied in or towards 
 
(a) 
payment of costs of all or any proceedings under this Ordinance; and 
(b) 
payment of compensation to an aggrieved party. 
 
(2) An order under sub-section (1) shall be deemed to be a decree passed under this 
Ordinance for purposes of execution. 
22. Appeal.  (1) Subject to sub-section (2), any person aggrieved by any judgment, decree, 
sentence, or final order passed by a Banking Court may, within thirty days of such judgment, decree, 
sentence or final order prefer an appeal to the High Court. 
(2) The appellant shall give notice of the filing of the appeal in accordance with the 
provisions of Order XLIII Rule 3 of the Code of Civil Procedure (Act V of 1908) to the respondent 
who may appear before the Banking Court to contest admission of the appeal on the date fixed for 
hearing. 
(3) The High Court shall at the stage of admission of the appeal, or at any time thereafter 
either suo motu or on the application of the decree holder, decide by means of a reasoned order 
whether the appeal is to be admitted in part or in whole depending on the facts and circumstances of 
the case, and as to the security to be furnished by the appellant: 
Provided that the admission of the appeal shall not per se operate as a stay, and no shall any 
stay be granted therein unless the decree-holder has been given an opportunity of being heard and 
unless the appellant deposits in cash with the High Court an amount equivalent to the decretal 
amount inclusive of costs, or in the case of an appeal other than an appeal against an interim decree, 
at the discretion of the High Court furnishes security equal in value to such amount; and in the event 
of a stay being granted for a part of the decretal amount only, the requirement for a deposit in cash or 
furnishing of security shall stand reduced accordingly. 
(4) An appeal under sub-section (1) shall be heard by a bench of not less that two Judges of 
the High Court and, in case the appeal is admitted, it shall be decided within 90 days from the date of 
admission. 
(5) An appeal may be preferred under this section from a decree passed ex-parte. 
 
(6) No appeal, review or revision shall lie against an order accepting or rejecting an 
application for leave to defend, or any interlocutory order of the Banking Court which does not 
