 
Page 24 of 25 
 
dispose of the entire case before the Banking Court other than an order passed under sub-section (11) 
of section 15 1[or sub-section (13) of section 15A] or sub-section (7) of section 19. 
 
(7) Any order of stay of execution of a decree passed under sub-section (2) shall 
automatically lapse on the expiry of six months from the date of the order whereupon the amount 
deposited in Court shall be paid over to the decree-holder or the decree-holder may enforce the 
security furnished by the judgment-debtor. 
23. Restriction on transfer of assets & properties.—(1) After publication of summons 
under sub-section (5) of section 9, no customer shall, without the prior written permission of the 
Banking Court transfer, alienate, encumber, remove or part with possession of any of his asset or 
property furnished to the financial institution as security by way of mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, 
charge, lien or otherwise pending final decision of the suit filed by the financial institution under this 
Ordinance, and any such transfer, alienation, encumbrance or other disposition by the customer in 
violation of this sub-section shall be void and of no legal effect: 
 
Provided that the customer may sell any such asset or property which has been retained by or 
entrusted to him for purposes of dealing with the same in the ordinary course of business subject to 
the terms of the letter of hypothecation or trust receipt or other instrument or document executed by 
him, or for purposes of effecting their sale and depositing the sale proceeds with the financial 
institution: 
 
Provided further that the customer before making the sale shall file in the Banking Court a 
statement supported by affidavit, containing full particulars of such asset or property, and within 
three days after the sale shall submit a full account thereof to the Banking Court and the financial 
institution. 
(2) After pronouncement of judgment and decree by the Banking Court, including an interim 
decree under section 11, no judgment-debtor shall without the prior written permission of the 
Banking Court transfer, alienate, encumber or part with possession of any assets or properties and any such 
transfer, alienation, encumbrance or other disposition by a judgment-debtor in violation of this sub-section 
shall be void and of no legal effect. 
 
(3) The provisions of sub-section (1) shall also apply to a person who has furnished any 
security on behalf of a customer to the financial institution on the basis of which finance was 
granted, provided such person is a defendant in the suit filed under section 9 or is added as a 
defendant thereafter. 
 
24. Application of the Limitation Act, 1908 (Act IX of 1908).  (1) Save as otherwise 
provided in this Ordinance, the provisions of the Limitation Act, 1908 (Act IX of 1908) shall apply 
to all cases instituted or filed in a Banking Court after the coming into force of this Ordinance. 
 
(2) A suit under section 9 may be entertained by a Banking Court after the period of 
limitation prescribed therefor, if the plaintiff satisfies the Banking Court that he had sufficient cause 
for not filing the suit within such period. 
25. Power to make rules.—The Federal Government may, by notification in the official 
Gazette, make rules for carrying out the purposes of this Ordinance. 
1Ins. by Act No. XLVI of 2026, s.4. 
 
 
