 
Page 20 of 25 
 
(P.O. 10 of 1984); 
(3) Nothing contained in sub-section (1) and (2) shall affect the validity of any document 
executed prior to the date of enforcement of this Ordinance. 
(4) Notwithstanding any thing contained in this section or any other law, the Banking Court 
shall not refuse to accept in evidence any document creating or purporting to create or indicating the 
creation of a mortgage, charge, pledge or hypothecation in relation to any property or assumption of 
any obligation by a customer, guarantor, mortgagor or otherwise merely because it is not duly 
stamped or is not registered as required by any law or is not attested or witnessed as required by 
Article 17 of the Qanun-e-Shahadat Order, 1984 (P.O. 10 of 1984) and no such document shall be 
impoundable by the Banking Court or any other court or authority: 
Provided that nothing contained in this sub-section shall operate to defeat the legal rights of a 
   bona fide purchaser for value without notice of a document which ought to have been registered. 
19. Execution of decree and sale with or without intervention of Banking Court.—(1) 
Upon pronouncement of judgment and decree by a Banking Court, the suit shall automatically stand 
converted into execution proceedings without the need to file a separate application and no fresh 
notice need be issued to the judgment-debtor in this regard. Particulars of the mortgaged, pledged or 
hypothecated property and other assets of the judgment-debtor shall be filed by the decree-holder for 
consideration of the Banking Court and the case will be heard by the Banking Court for execution of 
its decree on the expiry of 30 days from the date of pronouncement of judgment and decree: 
 
Provided that if the record of the suit is summoned at any stage by the High Court for 
purposes of hearing an appeal under section 22 or otherwise, copies of the decree and other property 
documents shall be retained by the Banking Court for purposes of continuing the execution 
proceedings. 
 
(2) The decree of the Banking Court shall be executed in accordance with the provisions of 
the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (Act V of 1908) or any other law for the time being in force or in 
such manner as the Banking Court may at the request of the decree-holder consider appropriate, 
including recovery as arrears of land revenue. 
Explanation.__ The term assets or properties in sub-section (2) shall include any assets and 
properties acquired benami in the name of an ostensible owner. 
 
(3) In cases of mortgaged, pledged or hypothecated property, the financial institution may sell 
or cause the same to be sold with or without the intervention of the Banking Court either by public 
auction or by inviting sealed tenders and appropriate the proceeds towards total or partial satisfaction 
of the decree. The decree passed by a Banking Court shall constitute and confer sufficient power and 
authority for the financial institution to sell or cause the sale of the mortgaged, pledged or 
hypothecated property together with transfer of marketable title and no further order of the Banking 
Court shall be required for this purpose. 
 
(4) Where a financial institution wishes to sell mortgaged, pledged or hypothecated property 
by inviting sealed tenders, it shall invite offers through advertisement in one English and one Urdu 
newspaper which are circulated widely in the city in which the sale is to take place giving not less 
than thirty days time for submitting offers. The sealed tenders shall be opened in the presence of the 
tenderers or their representatives or such of them as attend: 
 
Provided that the financial institution shall be entitled in its discretion, to purchase the property 
